we are here on the flybridge at the helm
of the new prestigio it's 630 now this
is a neat boat that fits between their
560 and there's 680 and it replaces the
620 this flybridge is pretty amazing it
is almost as long as on the 680 you've
got a great optional hardtop with a nice
big sunroof and then the galley modulus
standard and it comes with a sink a
fridge and a Kenyan electric grill and
then you really think about how much
room there is up here there's an
l-shaped settee back here the table
drops big Sun pad forward as well as
plenty of companion seating alright so
we've gone from the top to the bottom
and we are in the engine room where
there are twin volvo penta d11 diesels
and they are run with IPS 950 pods the
pods are all the way back so to help
with the weight the first thing they did
was add jack shafts the second thing
wants to counter the weight they have
two fuel tanks move forward and then
they have the heavy genset the nightly
21 kilowatt genset and then also the
optional seat keeper so this boat is
nice and stable as well as fast and easy
to maneuver now the thing about the 630
is it has the prestige DNA and that
means it has a dedicated entrance to the
master stateroom and that is maximum
privacy if you're looking for a boat
like this check us out at boats calm
boat insurance at united marine
underwriters we're simply the best at
what we do just boat insurance we offer
comprehensive insurance coverage for all
your boating needs boat insurance quotes
on your screen in 90 seconds United
marine underwriters